Adapt links (#303)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18+/overview-10-18+.md

layout: bundle
---

> These release notes for the **Cumulocity IoT CD model** include information on all relevant changes, such as new features, improvements, and fixes, that have been implemented in Cumulocity IoT Core (here divided into the product areas Application enablement, Device management & connectivity, and Platform services), in its layered products and in integrated applications (if released) since the previous GA release.

Author: ```suggestion
These release notes for the **Cumulocity IoT cloud deployments** include information on all relevant changes, such as new features, improvements, and fixes, that have been implemented in Cumulocity IoT Core (here divided into the product areas Application enablement, Device management & connectivity, and Platform services), in its layered products and in integrated applications (if released) since the previous GA release.

```

- The internal ticket number (only relevant for our Support team)
- The build version in which the change has been implemented
- The build component into which the change has been implemented
Moreover it includes [announcements](/release-10-18+/announcements-10-18+/) for planned and implemented deprecations that might require action on your side at some time.

> You can find the corresponding product documentation for the CD model at [https://cumulocity.com/docs/](https://cumulocity.com/docs/).

Reviewer: Do you also want to get rid of this "CD model"?
